wild ale or sympathetic ventriloquists all of them with extensive experience in
rescue of wounded counterintelligence protection of dignitaries decided
give life was a pony and the squad of laughter a show that will not only be
the applause and the affection of the children but also it teaches them of way
funny how to protect yourself in the mori tells us about this lovely initiative
it is good to narrow
the first technical officer of the police emergency squad
its mission is to face danger by dismantling the most fearsome
evildoers of San Juan de Lurigancho one of the districts with the highest incidence
delinquency
Because of his risky work, it is unquestionable that this non-commissioned officer does not like
antics
to them nothing fixed
it's the party that all those who could be
efe
but chavez like that after the section
when he becomes the character trampoline clown he would stay in his
days of franc with marlon bica
first I remove the doll felipe between two others are policemen
specialized units of transit with intelligence that traveled for a moment
the seriousness of that list by nation for in a different and creative way
reach children that sometimes
family problems
stop surprising how you make the squad cry
police what else
but laughing
completed
something
carolina coronado cardenas
for do
vargas efe - several people trapped
as
etc
to finish like this 2
the air base for emergency with strengthened
in santa fe for now the first mayor does not see so clear
the diary brand
the emergency squad of san juan de lurigancho not all calls are
of robberies assaults bobadilla here
the voices of emergencies is necessary the bulletproof vest
in this unit the gun and the 15 so far are changed by a pencil
giant the police plaque with a red nose and there would be a color report
green khaki export multicolored and bombastic
When they arrive at this emergency class, the police are transformed
they already know what they have to do
Saints
mcqueen
agencies
jajajajajajaja the state agency
the street san juan de lurigancho
where hundreds of children
everyone was waiting for fun referees and especially
until now
on this scenario
the pistols do not paint and neither the chair lifts and patrol the streets
elements that often do not understand the little ones and that do not go so well
known
to the policeman
to the human being who is always willing to help us
also denounces as much by enrique castillo
you are good
July by cops two of them were really uncertain
some fear towards their own police and that we try to reverse this reality
The escape
on the 19th
easterly winds
iker thus expressed
if you do not drink water
I call the Police
thinking of the children one day the technician richard chávez presented to the
institution the idea of ​​forming a circus where the police themselves
they would be the protagonists
at 7m they loved the initiative and the non-commissioned officer immediately started with the
casting
the surprise was discovering the enormous potential and talent that were
hidden
felipe we knew
there I go felipe bazán tortosa city and skills
schumacher sonante
the committee
p
icade vic would make of this category
the prosecutors already last night
efe
ap
it's dad dad
in the female frame
the great quote by nature not
the quintanar
and so grace and in another mural newspaper I started coming to 10
this label
well towards caracas
is the clear welcome attitude and another of 20 participated due care and
collaborate
and what would you like to do in Egypt?
the center and the kicker magazine
will like to spend
i
this is not right
unemployed
for the strike day
efe
the true story
the call of the technician richard was very successful
total
Twenty-one police have so far joined the cycle event
inc and the artist's squad
means the weekend they present the show